1. Default the app usage to offline. Assume that all data is available offline in json files stored within the app and make API calls in the background for updated data only when you check and confirm that user have internet connection.
2. When user is offline, display the offline message on a red banner or background to ensure the users knows they are working offline.
3. While user is offline, search filter and etc should be limited to offline data only. 
4. Do not display distance information when user is offline. if you can, cache all data displayed within the apps local storage while the user is online and use the cached version when the user goes online
5. Make sure users location is collected and stored locally and when user is offline, use their local storage location information to display businesses near them.
6. When the user updates their location information anywhere within the app, save the new location and use it until they change it again.
7. Make sure normal login, sign up and social login and social sign up using Facebook, google and  twitter is working
8. When the user is offline, disable login and sign up functionality. They should not be able to login while offline
9. Make sure Filter business is working (filter by Open now, category, filter by keyword, filter by chiefdom, filter by city/village/town, sort by distance, sort by number of reviews, sort by ratings) and disable filter by claimed)
10. Make sure reviews section on business details page is not always spinning or searching for new reviews. It should display available reviews, cache them and stop spinning.
11. Make sure display businesses on map is working and zoomed in properly to display the icons. 
12. Make sure you add a back button to the immediate page that shows up for anonymous users when they try to write a review or make a POST API call.
13. Show the Anonymous access view only after a user attempts to submit a POST request that require login. For example, If I am anonymous user and click on Write review, you should allow me see the form, click on the stars, write my review, attach photos without login. All the data I entered should be saved in local storage and ready for submission after I login or Sign up. When I click on Save or submit, you should ask me to login or sign up and after successfully login or sign up, you should submit my data.
14. Make sure edit and add business are working 100%. The collect current location data, office hours and etc are not working properly.
15. Also make sure login and sign up always works for anonymous user that tries to login while trying to write a review or make post API call. I see the error message, There us n user with ID Login, Not Found and sometimes Already logIn even though I am not logged In.
16. Add the social sharing feature and allow users to share business and reviews on Facebook, twitter and google.
17. Make sure Claim business is working 100%
18. Make sure Write a review with photos is working 100%
19. Make sure when the photo(s) in business details or review details is clicked on, it is displayed in full with an option to walk through a gallery if there are more than one photo and option to close the gallery or photo to return back to the base view.
20. add new API call to display security and emergency contacts under more menu, All data for new API will also be available offline and updated each week
21. Make sure all App content should be available offline with the exception of calculated distance information, latest images and all post API call submission. 
22. This will speed up the app for all get API calls
23. 20. Update/Activate My followers from profile page
24. Update/Activate My Friends from profile page 
25. Update/Activate Follow a reviewer
26. Update/Activate Friend a reviewer
27. Update/Activate View reviewer profile
28. Update/Activate View reviews by a reviewer
29. Add My reviews from profile page
30. Add My businesses from profile page
31. Add Phone number verification via sms to login process
32. Work with me to create Apple store file and submit remotely
33. Work with me to create Google Play Store APK file and submit remotely
34. Work with me to create Windows App store file and submit remotely
35. Make some theme changes to Drupal frontend. (Stars on web application at obizr.io should match the star patterns in app)
